Individually raised $3,800+ for the conference from external sources and internal sources; like KIPP Through College, Greenfield Intercultural Center, PennKIPP Â· Coordinated and executed three-day conference for 390 university students throughout the US Â· Designed and organized a Dominican Linguistics workshop by inviting prestigious BYU Professor Alba and Dr. Ferreira CAMPUS INVOLVEMENT Grupo Quisqueyano (Dominican Student Association), Officer of Finances Dec. 2014 - Dec. 2016 Â· Administrated a budget of $800, and funding for the student organization Dana How Scholar Program, Active Mentor Sept. 2013 - Sept. 2016 Â· Volunteer to mentor and educate West Philadelphia high school students in order to get them ready for college Big Brother Big Sister, Big Brother Sept. 2015 - Sept. 2016 Â· Serve as a positive role model and friend for children in West Philadelphia in an on-going one to one relationship MoneyThink, Active Mentor Sept. 2015 - Sept. 2016 Â· Structured personal finance lesson plans to fit the need of Philadelphia high school students in order to allow them to teach them about being financially more independent Experience Digital M&E Research Intern May 2016 to August 2016 Company Name ï¼​ City , State Refined quantitative and qualitative data in order to optimize business products for individual project managers. Education and Training Bachelor of Science : Economics Management The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania ï¼​ City , State Economics 3.45 3.06 Management Corporate Finance, Merger and Acquisitions, Consulting to Growth Companies, Management, Venture Capital Finance, Entrepreneurship, Wharton Industry Exploration Program: San Francisco & Tech Sector Â· Awards: New York Times Scholar, selected as one of eight students (out of 800) for prestigious NY Times full scholarship Languages Fluent in Spanish Skills Acquisitions, Big Data, Consulting, Content, Corporate Finance, Credit, databases, Finance, Financial, Java, Mentoring, Excel, Microsoft Office Suite, Network 2.0, next, page, POS, receiving, San, Fluent in Spanish, statistical analysis, strategy, Venture Capital, Venture Capital Additional Information LEADERSHIP AND EXTRACURRICULARS Penn Summer Abroad, Scholar of Environmental Studies, in Rotterdam & Berlin June 2015 - June 2015 Â· Engaged in a lecture series about water management and the Energiewende which fortified the immersion into the culture of environmental sustainability in Rotterdam and Berlin for two weeks Â· Culminated in a presentation on strategic plan to implement water management and Energiewende tactics to USA National Dominican Student Conference, Officer of Logistics and Finances Sept. 2014 - Mar. Individually raised $3,800+ for the conference from external sources and internal sources; like KIPP Through College, Greenfield Intercultural Center, PennKIPP Â· Coordinated and executed three-day conference for 390 university students throughout the US Â· Designed and organized a Dominican Linguistics workshop by inviting prestigious BYU Professor Alba and Dr. Ferreira CAMPUS INVOLVEMENT Grupo Quisqueyano (Dominican Student Association), Officer of Finances Dec. 2014 - Dec. 2016 Â· Administrated a budget of $800, and funding for the student organization Dana How Scholar Program, Active Mentor Sept. 2013 - Sept. 2016 Â· Volunteer to mentor and educate West Philadelphia high school students in order to get them ready for college Big Brother Big Sister, Big Brother Sept. 2015 - Sept. 2016 Â· Serve as a positive role model and friend for children in West Philadelphia in an on-going one to one relationship MoneyThink, Active Mentor Sept. 2015 - Sept. 2016 Â· Structured personal finance lesson plans to fit the need of Philadelphia high school students in order to allow them to teach them about being financially more independent